CP259 release notes (#5046)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/releasenotes/deployment/mendix-cloud.md

## 2022

### September 14th, 2022

#### Improvements

> * We have improved the maintenance banner message at application and environment level to show more information about the maintenance.

Reviewer: Can we be clearer about this?
I'll contact you over Slack.

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation in Slack. I think the current text is OK, I'll resolve this one.

#### Fix

> * We fixed an issue with the performance of the revision browser while building an MDA from portal. (Ticket 163959)

Reviewer: Hi Madhu (@mbyregowMx)
I think we can make this clearer:
```suggestion
* We improved the performance of the Developer Portal when selecting which revision to use to build a deployment package from an MDA. (Ticket 163959)
```
